README.md, before:

# Simplex Method | Artificial basis method | Graphical method

## Ready|Total 
1%/100%

Visit site https://unicmo.vercel.app to use. 

## RoadMap

### Main 
- [ ] Saving the entered task to a file and reading from the file.
- [ ] Possibility of solving the problem using the given basic variables.
- [ ] Implementation of the artificial basis method.
- [ ] Selection of automatic and step-by-step mode for solving the problem.
- [ ] In step-by-step mode, the ability to go back.
- [ ] In step-by-step mode, the ability to select a reference element.
- [ ] Working with common and decimal fractions.
- [ ] Reference.
- [ ] Context sensitive help.
- [ ] Mouse support.
- [ ] Data control (protection from the "fool").

### Bonuses:
- [ ] Graphical two-dimensional solution method.
- [ ] Graphical three-dimensional solution method.
- [ ] A graphical method for solving an integer problem.
- [ ] Solution of a dual problem.
- [ ] Gomori\`s method for solving an integer problem.



# Симплекс метод | Метод искусственного базиса | Графический метод
## Сделано|Итого 
1%|100%

Посетите сайт https://unicmo.vercel.app для использования данных методов. 


### Главные:
- [ ] Возможность диалогового ввода размерности задачи и матрицы коэффициентов целевой функции в канонической форме. Размерность не более 16*16.
- [ ] Сохранение введённой задачи в файл и чтение из файла.
- [ ] Возможность решения задачи с использованием заданных базисных переменных.
- [ ] Реализация метода искусственного базиса.
- [ ] Выбор автоматического и пошагового режима решения задачи.
- [ ] В пошаговом режиме возможность возврата назад.
- [ ] В пошаговом режиме возможность выбора опорного элемента. 
- [ ] Работа с обыкновенными и десятичными дробями.
- [ ] Справка.
- [ ]  Контекстно-зависимая помощь.
- [ ] Поддержка мыши.
- [ ] Контроль данных (защита от «дурака»).

### Дополнительные:
- [ ] Графический двумерный метод решения.
- [ ] Графический трёхмерный метод решения.
- [ ] Графический метод решения целочисленной задачи.
- [ ] Решение двойственной задачи.
- [ ] Метод Гомори решения целочисленной задачи.

Commit message:

add trasformation to simplex table and find some bugs on web... (look console.log for more information)

README.md, after:

# Simplex Method | Artificial basis method | Graphical method

## Ready|Total 
7%/100%

Visit site https://unicmo.vercel.app 
or 
clone/fork this repository and use React.js for debug and run app 
> npm i
> npm start

## RoadMap

### Main 
- [x] Possibility of interactive input of the dimension of the problem and the matrix of the objective function coefficients in the canonical form. Dimension no more than 16 * 16.
- [ ] Saving the entered task to a file and reading from the file.
- [ ] Possibility of solving the problem using the given basic variables.
- [ ] Implementation of the artificial basis method.
- [ ] Selection of automatic and step-by-step mode for solving the problem.
- [ ] In step-by-step mode, the ability to go back.
- [ ] In step-by-step mode, the ability to select a reference element.
- [ ] Working with common and decimal fractions.
- [ ] Reference.
- [ ] Context sensitive help.
- [x] Mouse support.
- [ ] Data control (protection from the "fool").

### Bonuses:
- [ ] Graphical two-dimensional solution method.
- [ ] Graphical three-dimensional solution method.
- [ ] A graphical method for solving an integer problem.
- [ ] Solution of a dual problem.
- [ ] Gomori\`s method for solving an integer problem.



# Симплекс метод | Метод искусственного базиса | Графический метод
## Сделано|Итого 
7%|100%

Посетите сайт https://unicmo.vercel.app для использования данных методов
или
склонируйте/форкните этот репозиторий и используйте React.js для запуска приложения
> npm i
> npm start

### Главные:
- [x] Возможность диалогового ввода размерности задачи и матрицы коэффициентов целевой функции в канонической форме. Размерность не более 16*16.
- [ ] Сохранение введённой задачи в файл и чтение из файла.
- [ ] Возможность решения задачи с использованием заданных базисных переменных.
- [ ] Реализация метода искусственного базиса.
- [ ] Выбор автоматического и пошагового режима решения задачи.
- [ ] В пошаговом режиме возможность возврата назад.
- [ ] В пошаговом режиме возможность выбора опорного элемента. 
- [ ] Работа с обыкновенными и десятичными дробями.
- [ ] Справка.
- [ ]  Контекстно-зависимая помощь.
- [x] Поддержка мыши.
- [ ] Контроль данных (защита от «дурака»).

### Дополнительные:
- [ ] Графический двумерный метод решения.
- [ ] Графический трёхмерный метод решения.
- [ ] Графический метод решения целочисленной задачи.
- [ ] Решение двойственной задачи.
- [ ] Метод Гомори решения целочисленной задачи.
